# pandette-policy
Privacy Policy for Tulear Apps


YOUR PRIVACY WILL BE RESPECTED
We are dedicated to safeguarding and respecting your personal information. This Policy explains how we will process any personal data we collect from you or that you supply to us through our services. When you visit our services, we collect some basic information. We understand the importance of keeping your information secure and informing you about what we will do with it. You may opt to give us with personally identifiable information. The term "personal data" as used in this Policy refers to information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or any other data. To view the public portions of our services, you do not need to provide any personal information. The term "services" encompasses a variety of products, articles documents media and applications, such as ZimDealers and Medi-Zim, Dengu. 
INFORMATION ON THE DATA CONTROLLER
The Tulear Studios, a Software development company by Tulear Private Limited owns our services. You consent to this Policy, as well as the storage of your data on servers in the United States of America, or any other countries or areas and the collection, processing, transfer, and storage of your personal data by Tulear Studios and cooperating organizations that support you, if you voluntarily decide to open an account, make a donation, request a visit, or otherwise take any action that involves providing personal data. Tulear Studios operates on a global scale through a number of local affiliates. 
To assist you, if the country you reside in has applicable data protection laws, you may find the contact information for the country you reside in on the Data Protection Contacts page. To assist you, if the country you reside in has applicable data protection laws, you may find the contact information for the country you reside in on the Data Protection Contacts page.
Local branch offices, and other similar collaborating entities of Tulear Studios may be included for data protection concerns.
Depending on the nature of your engagement with our services, the data controller for your personal data may change. For example, if you donate to a legal entity in a specific country, that legal entity will receive your name and contact information as stated throughout the donation process. If you request a visit, for example, your name and contact information will be given to a local branch office of Tulear Studios so that your request can be fulfilled.
We protect your personal data during transit using encryption protocols. We use computer systems with limited-access protocols, housed in facilities using physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. We keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorized access. We also use Google LLC(google.com providers) to store your data in their servers and machines.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF DATA
We are highly concerned about the security and confidentiality of your personal information. To safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction, or accidental loss, we utilize up-to-date data storage and security procedures. All processors of personal data, as well as any third parties we hire to process your personal data, are required to keep your information confidential. We only preserve your personal information for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was obtained or to meet any applicable legal reporting or document retention requirements.
MINORS
If you are a minor in the country from where you are accessing our website, you may only submit personal information on our services with your parent(s) or guardian's permission. If you provide approval for a minor to submit personal data on our services as a parent or guardian, you agree to this Policy in relation to the child's use.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Our services may contain links to our services of third parties we have hired to provide services on our behalf (for example, the filling out of online forms). You'll notice that you're on a third-party website or application because it will have a different look or your browser's address bar will change. It may also be signed by another party that is not Tulear Studios. Additionally, you may get e-mails or text messages from a third party in response to a request for information made through our services, including notification of actions for which you have asked for information.
The privacy and data protection policies of third parties are evaluated at the time of selection and on a regular basis thereafter to verify that they satisfy the same requirements as our own, you may however be required to check if those policies satisfy your requirements. These third parties, provide apps and services over which we have no control over the programming, terms of service, privacy policies, or general circumstances. As a result, your use of those apps and services on our services is subject to the third party's current terms of service and general conditions. We are unaware of any changes, so please read the terms carefully before using the third-party service.
If you have any issues concerning a third party's policies, please go to their website's policy.
The current Google Privacy Policy governs your use of Google Maps services on our services. We have no control over Google's apps, code, or Terms of Service because they are a third-party vendor. As a result, the current Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service apply to your use of Google Maps services on our services. We are unaware of any revisions, so please read the terms before using Google Maps. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use Google Maps services.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY WILL BE NOTIFIED
Our services are always being improved and new functionality and features are being added, as well as our existing services. Our data practices will change from time to time as a result of these ongoing changes, as well as changes in the law and the nature of technology. We will disclose any modifications to our Policy on this page if it becomes necessary, so you are constantly informed of what information we collect and how we use it.

JAVASCRIPT OR ACTIVE SCRIPTING
Scripting may be utilized to make our services more functional. Scripting helps our services to provide information to you more rapidly. Our services will never utilize scripting to install software on your computer or to collect illicit data from you.

For some parts of our services to work properly, Active Scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser or application. Most browsers and some applications allow you to enable or disable this feature for certain websites. To understand how to allow scripting for certain websites, consult the browser's Help documentation. Consult the browser Help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected sites.
